Update center_write.md (#45)
SquidDev-CC/FAQBot-CC: faqs/center_write.md

local function centerWrite(text)
    local width, height = term.getSize() -- Get terminal size
    local x, y = term.getCursorPos() -- Get current cursor position

>     local newX = math.ceil((width / 2) - (text:len() / 2))
>     term.setCursorPos(newX, y)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    local new_x = math.ceil((width / 2) - (text:len() / 2))
    term.setCursorPos(new_y, y)
```

>     term.setCursorPos(new_y, y)

Reviewer 2: Typo

    term.write(text)
end
```
After declaring this function, you can use it like this:
```lua
centerWrite("Hello world!")
```
This code starts by getting the current `term` object's size. Then it calculates the horizontal starting position for writing text by dividing the terminal width by 2, and subtracting half of the text length (the math.ceil it is to make sure the result is an integer). 

> Finally, it sets the text cursor  to this x position, and the cursor's current y position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, it moves the cursor to this x position and the current y position.
```
